# Assignment1
Java Full Stack Program Assignment1
Karahan Tatlıdede
Assignment 1 Documentation for Full Stack Java Development Program

In this documentation, I will guide you through my code in order to explain my work. First of all, I analyze the assignment directions carefully. First thing I did is to open my Githbu account and create a repository there. Afterwards, I created a java project using IntelliJ ide. I created a java class called main, and in there created main args function in order to run my application. Since the assignment does not need a class hierarchy, I just used one to develop my task. First of all, I created a while loop since the user can interact with the application more than one time. So in order to achieve that, all the application is in the while loop. Afterwards, I created the beginning of the application and explain the application to the user and ask for interaction. In order to interact with the user I used Scanner. I specifically asked for specific integers from the user for specific operations. For these operations, I created if cases and since I store the input of the user I can easily switch between if cases. Also, I have an String array for the files of the user, so I can easily interact with it. Then I just applied specific operations for which the assignment needs.  For the first case, line 18-22, it displays the current files. For the second case, line 24-74, there is also another switch case since we again get input  from the user. In line 28-34, this part will add a file to the array we created, in line 35-45, we delete user from the array. Both of this part, after both delete and add, we sort the array in order to have a sorted array. In line 48-65, we find the file user want us to find, if possible. In line 67-75, we redirect the user to main part. In line 77-81, we close the application. In line 83-86 we manage if the user enters a wrong number. 

